Analysis code for ZZTo4l Analyses that is compatible with uwvv ntuples generated by the uwvv ntuplizer.
git@github.com:uhussain/UWVV.git
****
There are several working branches in this repo at the moment
****
ZZ2019(Skimming 2018 data) - This branch should be equivalent to ZZ2018 branch but without all the fancy stuff like corrections and IDs etc
****
ZZ2018(Skimming 2017 data,MC,Z+L for FakeRateEstimation)-See relevant folders in Cuts folder for selections
The disambiguator selector in this branch is latest which works with looseLeptons selection but keeps a TList with TightLep Selections which removes
copies of the same event. This enables us to keep a skim of "LooseLeptons" so  it can be used for CRs (3P1F, 2P2F) and Signal region (4P) and 
TightLeptons requirement applied at the ZZSelector and ZZBackgroundSelector level which is currently being implemented under "Super" branch.
****
Super(FakeRateSelector,ZZSelector,ZZBackgroundSelector with ZZSelectorBase) - This branch handles the Fake Rate Calculation, application, CRs,SFs etc
at the level of making histograms and storing them in a file for each dataset,AllData,AllEWK,Data-EWK categories. Then we make analysis plots from
this HistFile.
****
Ideally, soon the Super branch and the ZZ2018 will be merged so that analyzing 2017 is fully streamlined and eventually it should be merged with
ZZ2019 as well as long as recipes and IDs don't change much from 2017 to 2018 and one can run for the same CMSSW release in principle. But this will probably 
not happen until beginning of 2019 earliest. Stay tuned.
